Fixed Broken Links in Documentation (#50653)
dotnet/runtime: docs/pr-guide.md

## Merging Pull Requests

> Anyone with write access can merge a pull request manually or by setting the [auto-merge](https://docs.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/automatically-merging-a-pull-request) label when it satisfies all of the following conditions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anyone with write access can merge a pull request manually or by setting the [auto-merge](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/labels/auto-merge) label when it satisfies all of the following conditions:
```
